A. Project Name: Project Helia


B. Organization
  1. Information is completely disorganized and very difficult to follow.
  2. Minimal organization of material.
  3. Information is reasonably well organized with some instances of confusion.
  4. Presentation is well put together with only minor organizational tweaks needed.
  5. ---Material is clear, follows from one step to the next, with no chance of audience confusion.


C. Visual Aids
  1. No visual aids used.
  2. Visual aids add no useful information or explanations.
  3. Visual aids distract the audience from important information.
  4. Visual aids help explain key ideas but are difficult to read or contain errors.
  5. ---Visual aids used to clarify all relevant information successfully.


D. Physical Presence
  1. All team members mumble, stand with hands in pockets, and read the slides directly.
  2. Most team members do not speak clearly and read the slides directly.
  3. All team members speak clearly but generally talk to the projector instead of the audience.
  4. All team members make eye contact with the audience and stand confidently.
  5. ---All members are verbally/physically confident and talk to the audience consistently.

E. Teamwork
  1. Team members argue or contradict each other in front of the audience.
  2. One team member does all the presenting; others just stand there.
  3. Only some team members contribute to the presentation.
  4. All team members contribute, but hand-offs are uncoordinated.
  5. ---All team members contribute and transition smoothly between each other.


F. Technical Knowledge
  1. Presenters are confused about the topic and answer questions incorrectly.
  2. Presenters share very little knowledge and struggle to answer questions.
  3. Prepared material is missing some information and questions reveal gaps in knowledge.
  4. All prepared material is correct and thorough, but questions reveal gaps in knowledge.
  5. ---Presenters demonstrate mastery of topic and ability to answer questions.

G. Wow Factor & Relevance
  1. Presenters show no excitement about the project and no motivation in delivering it.
  2. Project relevance is questionable and little excitement is shown.
  3. Presentation motivates the project well, but without enthusiasm.
  4. The presentation includes motivation and relevance but lacks audience interests.
  5. ---Presenters pitch the project in a way that the audience gets excited and wants the project to be successful.


H.  Additional Comments (required**)
    Team members seem very enthusiastic about the project and it translated well to their presentation



